ʔiš ʔiš
rašām rašām
liqēq liqēq
nagās nagās
mavṭīax mavṭīax
camāx camāx
hitraxēc hitraxēc
qibēc qibēc
hicīl hicīl
hesīr hesīr
xorēr xorēr
šav šav
nisā nisā
qibēl qibēl
hitqašā hitqašā
histatēr histatēr
qarāʕ qarāʕ
koʕēs koʕēs
heʕedīf heʕedīf
ṣāmta ṣāmta
xisēl xisēl
hoqīr hoqīr
zarāq zarāq
šaʔāl šaʔāl
nicēax nicēax
histabēḳ histabēḳ
maxsisā maxsisā
hinhēn hinhēn
kad kad
qaṭāf qaṭāf
qimēṭ qimēṭ
nigmār nigmār
yašēn yašēn
dohēr dohēr
yarād yarād
hiqšīv hiqšīv
darāḳ darāḳ
mocēʔ mocēʔ
nexnāq nexnāq
ʔaḳāl ʔaḳāl
hivʕīr hivʕīr
zaḳār zaḳār
liḳlēḳ liḳlēḳ
melafefēnet melafefēnet
hityabēš hityabēš
le le
kisā kisā
nirʔā nirʔā
hitnahēg hitnahēg
tafās tafās
xikā xikā
nimʔās nimʔās
hitrašēm hitrašēm
nišbār nišbār
kibēs kibēs
hem hem
nam nam
ṭipēl ṭipēl
nax nax
navīʔ navīʔ
dalāq dalāq
sidēr sidēr
nifnēf nifnēf
hitlaḳlēḳ hitlaḳlēḳ
kibā kibā
šixrēr šixrēr
carāx carāx
nidbāq nidbāq
rav rav
šaḳāv šaḳāv
xafāf xafāf
marāx marāx
caʕāq caʕāq
savāv savāv
zamām zamām
baxāš baxāš
šimēš šimēš
garāv garāv
munāx munāx
herīax herīax
nirdām nirdām
zarūq zarūq
hišprīc hišprīc
hen hen
radāf radāf
heṭīl heṭīl
melamēd melamēd
nisgār nisgār
mešaʕamēm mešaʕamēm
gazāz gazāz
ʕaṣā ʕaṣā
maspīq maspīq
baʕāṭ baʕāṭ
difdēf difdēf
hizhīr hizhīr
hecīc hecīc
hexlīq hexlīq
ripāʔ ripāʔ
qišēṭ qišēṭ
heḳīn heḳīn
kavāš kavāš
hityašēv hityašēv
hitnoʕēaʕ hitnoʕēaʕ
gazūr gazūr
diqlēm diqlēm
šavār šavār
panā panā
nehefāḳ nehefāḳ
hocīʔ hocīʔ
nitpās nitpās
laxāš laxāš
rixrēax rixrēax
ciwā ciwā
milā milā
milmēl milmēl
naʕaṣā naʕaṣā
hizrīq hizrīq
ʕalā ʕalā
hosīf hosīf
horīd horīd
yadāʕ yadāʕ
hišʔīr hišʔīr
naxūga naxūga
hitxapēṣ hitxapēṣ
nirṭāv nirṭāv
hizmīn hizmīn
yaḳāl yaḳāl
kaʕās kaʕās
milāʔ milāʔ
banā banā
hošīṭ hošīṭ
ʕadār ʕadār
hicṭaʕēr hicṭaʕēr
hitʔīm hitʔīm
hexmīc hexmīc
hitgaʕagēaʕ hitgaʕagēaʕ
macāc macāc
cilcēl cilcēl
kaʔāv kaʔāv
nidnēd nidnēd
qicēr qicēr
šiqēr šiqēr
ʕinṭēz ʕinṭēz
qavāʕ qavāʕ
pitā pitā
ʕomēd ʕomēd
nocār nocār
bišēl bišēl
lavāš lavāš
hiqṭīn hiqṭīn
histarēq histarēq
nidmē nidmē
met met
qilqēl qilqēl
nifrād nifrād
hištolēl hištolēl
hitkasā hitkasā
ṭipēs ṭipēs
nišʔār nišʔār
hišqā hišqā
xxx xxx
xay xay
baxār baxār
pašāṭ pašāṭ
higʕīl higʕīl
šatāq šatāq
heʕemīs heʕemīs
hiʔ hiʔ
karerā karerā
xišēv xišēv
hidgīm hidgīm
ṭarāf ṭarāf
higīaʕ higīaʕ
pacāʕ pacāʕ
maxāq maxāq
hicbīaʕ hicbīaʕ
gadāl gadāl
hitmalēʔ hitmalēʔ
cad cad
patāx patāx
ma ma
ṣarāf ṣarāf
ʔixēr ʔixēr
hitpaʕēl hitpaʕēl
harās harās
lēxi lēxi
kibēd kibēd
telēḳ telēḳ
higzīm higzīm
sagār sagār
savāl savāl
hitmatēax hitmatēax
gar gar
hitparēq hitparēq
ṣaxā ṣaxā
zarāʕ zarāʕ
hitgalēax hitgalēax
balāʕ balāʕ
sar sar
šoxēṭ šoxēṭ
hitgarēd hitgarēd
hitxabēʔ hitxabēʔ
nišpāḳ nišpāḳ
hitpazēr hitpazēr
qinēax qinēax
hitbalbēl hitbalbēl
niftāx niftāx
hexlīṭ hexlīṭ
mitgalgēl mitgalgēl
xakāḳ xakāḳ
hištagēaʕ hištagēaʕ
yarā yarā
katūv katūv
meḳinā meḳinā
maxāʔ maxāʔ
banūy banūy
hunāx hunāx
baṭūax baṭūax
ʔamār ʔamār
kiftēr kiftēr
hilbīš hilbīš
Benc Benc
ṣirṭēṭ ṣirṭēṭ
histadēr histadēr
šatāl šatāl
hexbīʔ hexbīʔ
biqēr biqēr
niqā niqā
hexlīš hexlīš
heʕemīd heʕemīd
nahām nahām
niḳnās niḳnās
caʕād caʕād
biqēš biqēš
hitʔapēq hitʔapēq
ʕacār ʕacār
meʕanyēn meʕanyēn
ciyēr ciyēr
qaṭān qaṭān
himcīʔ himcīʔ
hitxamēm hitxamēm
šinā šinā
qafāc qafāc
nidbār nidbār
ṭavāl ṭavāl
xaṣāf xaṣāf
zaz zaz
šamār šamār
gilā gilā
digdēg digdēg
xiyēg xiyēg
hušlāḳ hušlāḳ
ti ti
pagāʕ pagāʕ
satām satām
xibēr xibēr
cavāʕ cavāʕ
hitbayēš hitbayēš
hitnadnēd hitnadnēd
niqrāʕ niqrāʕ
xipēṣ xipēṣ
hivṭīax hivṭīax
ṭifṭēf ṭifṭēf
ṭafāx ṭafāx
naqām naqām
hitraʔā hitraʔā
hexzīr hexzīr
niqēr niqēr
hizkīr hizkīr
xaṭāv xaṭāv
halāḳ halāḳ
hisīaʕ hisīaʕ
hidlīq hidlīq
ʕazār ʕazār
nigēn nigēn
pil pil
te te
hifrīaʕ hifrīaʕ
heʔerīḳ heʔerīḳ
xalāv xalāv
laqāx laqāx
hirṭīv hirṭīv
mecuyār mecuyār
yilēl yilēl
nacāc nacāc
sov sov
qfic qfic
hitʕasēq hitʕasēq
ʕamād ʕamād
barāx barāx
nifsāq nifsāq
qarāʔ qarāʔ
gilgēl gilgēl
tirxāc tirxāc
ʔefšār ʔefšār
siyēm siyēm
laʕās laʕās
serēq serēq
šaṭāf šaṭāf
ʕanā ʕanā
hišxīl hišxīl
hitxabēq hitxabēq
ṣām ṣām
mašāḳ mašāḳ
hirgīz hirgīz
hitkonēn hitkonēn
yišēr yišēr
maḳnīs maḳnīs
hifsīq hifsīq
sikēm sikēm
hinīax hinīax
nixēš nixēš
hifrīd hifrīd
picēax picēax
huʔ huʔ
hiqpīc hiqpīc
hitgalgēl hitgalgēl
gazār gazār
yašāv yašāv
hayā hayā
mevīn mevīn
heʕevīr heʕevīr
carīḳ carīḳ
xibēq xibēq
raḳāv raḳāv
nehenā nehenā
herīc herīc
zalāg zalāg
hiclīax hiclīax
šafāḳ šafāḳ
ʔahāv ʔahāv
dafāq dafāq
gerēš gerēš
ratāx ratāx
hiskīm hiskīm
garām garām
hiṣbīaʕ hiṣbīaʕ
baḳā baḳā
harāg harāg
ʕanād ʕanād
hištadēl hištadēl
hitragēš hitragēš
ʕaṭāf ʕaṭāf
histovēv histovēv
laṣīm laṣīm
melaḳlēḳ melaḳlēḳ
zaxāl zaxāl
mešafšēf mešafšēf
ʔimlād ʔimlād
ṭaʕān ṭaʕān
šaḳāx šaḳāx
macāʔ macāʔ
hiḳʔīv hiḳʔīv
hoʕīl hoʕīl
talā talā
šayāḳ šayāḳ
hiqīf hiqīf
qar qar
gamār gamār
hirbīc hirbīc
nizhār nizhār
ʕavār ʕavār
hiqlīṭ hiqlīṭ
hitqarēv hitqarēv
naxūc naxūc
daʔāg daʔāg
lan lan
hifʕīl hifʕīl
liṭēf liṭēf
cadāq cadāq
saxāv saxāv
šar šar
histayēm histayēm
baqāʕ baqāʕ
neʕelām neʕelām
hitragēz hitragēz
histapēr histapēr
ʔohēv ʔohēv
lamād lamād
sidrā sidrā
nimcāʔ nimcāʔ
ṣimēax ṣimēax
ṣīṣu ṣīṣu
rac rac
raqād raqād
nilxām nilxām
ze ze
corēv corēv
nišmāʕ nišmāʕ
yarāq yarāq
perēq perēq
neʕezār neʕezār
hitxarēṭ hitxarēṭ
qišqēš qišqēš
histakēl histakēl
naʕāl naʕāl
šamāʕ šamāʕ
yibēv yibēv
hicṭarēf hicṭarēf
xalām xalām
hitqašēr hitqašēr
nagīd nagīd
hevīn hevīn
koʔēv koʔēv
herīm herīm
hitqalqēl hitqalqēl
hiṣīg hiṣīg
xasēr xasēr
nigāš nigāš
parās parās
hišpāḳti hišpāḳti
hitkofēf hitkofēf
qerēr qerēr
hicṭarēḳ hicṭarēḳ
heʕīr heʕīr
ṣamt ṣamt
qal qal
hitpocēc hitpocēc
berēḳ berēḳ
ʕirbēv ʕirbēv
hikīr hikīr
nišʕān nišʕān
xiqā xiqā
pihēq pihēq
hitqarēr hitqarēr
himšīḳ himšīḳ
cixcēax cixcēax
histapēq histapēq
maclīax maclīax
hitmacēʔ hitmacēʔ
muḳān muḳān
xazār xazār
ʕolē ʕolē
lehaṣkīr lehaṣkīr
sovēv sovēv
hitraxēv hitraxēv
badāq badāq
nigēv nigēv
niškāv niškāv
hivdīl hivdīl
hidbīq hidbīq
hicṭanēn hicṭanēn
kedāʔy kedāʔy
hifxīd hifxīd
hevīʔ hevīʔ
ʔarāz ʔarāz
ʕacām ʕacām
hirtīax hirtīax
hitīz hitīz
hipnēṭ hipnēṭ
hafāḳ hafāḳ
hithapēḳ hithapēḳ
darāš darāš
nagāʕ nagāʕ
hicīaʕ hicīaʕ
ʔomēret ʔomēret
tiqēn tiqēn
hitxabēr hitxabēr
niqrāʔ niqrāʔ
nihyā nihyā
ʔiḳpāt ʔiḳpāt
hitraxēq hitraxēq
qilēf qilēf
hištovēv hištovēv
heʔeḳīl heʔeḳīl
naxār naxār
ʕaqāc ʕaqāc
ṣax ṣax
daxāf daxāf
hošīv hošīv
raʕāv raʕāv
katāv katāv
ṭaʕām ṭaʕām
hišgīax hišgīax
ʕazāv ʕazāv
ʔasūr ʔasūr
hitʕaqēš hitʕaqēš
nitqāʕ nitqāʕ
hexlīf hexlīf
ṣanāʔ ṣanāʔ
caxāq caxāq
xašāv xašāv
hitʕorēr hitʕorēr
hikōn hikōn
galāš galāš
yanāq yanāq
qiyēm qiyēm
qalāf qalāf
hiḳnīs hiḳnīs
higīd higīd
xalāc xalāc
hīne hīne
mefarēdet mefarēdet
hirbā hirbā
zarāx zarāx
domē domē
hišmīaʕ hišmīaʕ
hitqabēl hitqabēl
hitxīl hitxīl
pixēd pixēd
hištaʕēl hištaʕēl
nicēl nicēl
hištanā hištanā
zaḳā zaḳā
hirkīv hirkīv
maskīm maskīm
xatāḳ xatāḳ
hitpalēʔ hitpalēʔ
daqār daqār
ṣam ṣam
qašē qašē
nafāl nafāl
raxāc raxāc
hitpanēq hitpanēq
ʕamāl ʕamāl
hitlabēš hitlabēš
hitʕacbēn hitʕacbēn
baʔ baʔ
dag dag
hiclīv hiclīv
ṭas ṭas
Mesadēr Mesadēr
nivnā nivnā
hitnagēv hitnagēv
ṭiyēl ṭiyēl
yahāv yahāv
natān natān
matāx matāx
herʔā herʔā
tar tar
dan dan
nizkār nizkār
hiškīv hiškīv
šalāx šalāx
racā racā
hexēl hexēl
ʕavād ʕavād
niḳtāv niḳtāv
hizīaʕ hizīaʕ
ʕaṣūy ʕaṣūy
ṭaʕā ṭaʕā
maḳʔīv maḳʔīv
hiršā hiršā
baʔā baʔā
hipīl hipīl
megarēd megarēd
xafār xafār
hitʕaṭēš hitʕaṭēš
xiyēḳ xiyēḳ
cerēf cerēf
raʔā raʔā
dahār dahār
hisbīr hisbīr
ṣixēq ṣixēq
laxāc laxāc
šarāc šarāc
hivšīl hivšīl
bilbēl bilbēl
maxlīf maxlīf
ragāz ragāz
diwēax diwēax
hinʕīl hinʕīl
nitēq nitēq
mihēr mihēr
šatā šatā
kaḳ kaḳ
ṣīmxu ṣīmxu
safār safār
niḳbā niḳbā
sipēr sipēr
hibīṭ hibīṭ
hexzīq hexzīq
ximēm ximēm
dibēr dibēr
histīr histīr
xacā xacā
gidēl gidēl
šāma šāma
higīš higīš
hiqrīʔ hiqrīʔ
qašār qašār
xaṭāf xaṭāf
mi mi
mazāg mazāg
merapēʔ merapēʔ
hitkawēn hitkawēn
qfic_qfoc qfic_qfoc
hišlīm hišlīm
hicxīq hicxīq
yašān yašān
ʔeyn ʔeyn
pagāš pagāš
hovīl hovīl
mutār mutār
noea noea
har har
yeš yeš
hitgonēn hitgonēn
hitqalēax hitqalēax
himtīq himtīq
limēd limēd
hikā hikā
teʔēr teʔēr
gerēd gerēd
zarām zarām
hiḳtīv hiḳtīv
qanā qanā
hivhīl hivhīl
madād madād
hezīz hezīz
hištamēš hištamēš
yacāʔ yacāʔ
yiṣrāḳ yiṣrāḳ
hifšīṭ hifšīṭ
nahāg nahāg
xiṭēṭ xiṭēṭ
ʔasāf ʔasāf
ṣamāx ṣamāx
qarā qarā
ʕaf ʕaf
qam qam
nasāʕ nasāʕ
nipēax nipēax
taṣīmi taṣīmi
hirgīš hirgīš
muḳrāx muḳrāx
